Update licensing v20 (#617)
vaadin/docs: articles/ce/going-to-production.asciidoc

The licensing model may cause collaborative features to be disabled for some of
your application's users.
To avoid this situation, you need to get a new license if your old license is about to expire, or if your user base increases and the number of users exceeds the quota for one month.

To know when to update the license, you need to implement a license event handler for Collaboration Engine.

> Collaboration Engine can fire the following types of license events, each at most once during the license's lifecycle:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Collaboration Engine can fire the following types of license events a maximum of once each during the license's lifecycle:
```

> . the first time when exceeding the user quota and entering the grace period (more details in <<ce.production.over-quota>>),

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. the first time the user quota is exceeded and the grace period begins (more details in <<ce.production.over-quota>>),
```

> and to avoid situation where the license expires by accident.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and to avoid the situation where the license expires by accident.
```

[[ce.production.over-quota]]
=== Going Over the Quota

When you exceed the limit the first time, nothing changes from the user's perspective.
When that happens, Collaboration Engine starts a 30-day grace period, during which time the quota is ten times bigger.
The grace period gives you time to react to exceeding your limit without impacting your application in any way.

> For example, if you have obtained a license for a 500 user quota, your effective quota is 5.000 users during the grace period.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, if you have obtained a license for a 500-user quota, your effective quota is 5.000 users during the grace period.
```

After 30 days, your effective quota goes back to 500, and you won't get another grace period until the next billing period.

> If the number of users in a month exceeds the 10x quota during the grace period, or the normal quota after the grace period is over, the collaborative features are disabled for the exceeding users.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the number of users in a month exceeds 10x the quota during the grace period, or if it exceeds the normal quota after the grace period is over, the collaborative features are disabled for the excess users.
```

> Your application stills continues to work, but `CollaborationAvatarGroup` only show the user's own avatar, and forms built with `CollaborationBinder` do not show edits made by other users.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Your application will continue to work, but `CollaborationAvatarGroup` will show only the user's own avatar, and forms built with `CollaborationBinder` will not show edits made by other users.
```

The users who are registered within the allowed quota have collaborative features available throughout the month.

> Consider, for example, a situation where you have a quota for 500 users, you have used your grace period, and 520 users have used collaborative features this month.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Consider, for example, a situation where you have a quota of 500 users, you have used your grace period, and 520 users have used collaborative features this month.
```

> If you exceed your new quota in the future, you again receive a 30 day grace period.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you exceed your new quota in the future, you again receive a 30-day grace period.
```

[[ce.production.request-access]]
=== Checking for User Access

> You can determine whether a user has access or not by passing a callback to the `requestAccess()` method in the `CollaborationEngine` instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can determine whether a user has access by passing a callback to the `requestAccess()` method in the `CollaborationEngine` instance.
```

> The callback gets an `AccessResponse` instance as parameter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The callback gets an `AccessResponse` instance as a parameter.
```

> You can call its `AccessResponse::hasAccess()` method to find out access.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can call its `AccessResponse::hasAccess()` method to determine the user's access.
```
